[celestial music]
[music fade out]
[percussive music]
[music stops]
["Love Is Strange"
by Mickey & Sylvia]
♪ Love, mm-hmm,
love is strange ♪
♪ Yeah-yeah,
lot of people, mm-hmm ♪
- ♪ Take it for a game
- [woman speaking inaudibly]
♪ Once you get it, mm-hmm
♪ You never wanna quit
♪ No, no
♪ After you've had it,
yeah, yeah ♪
♪ You're in an awful fix
♪ Many people, mm-hmm
♪ Don't understand,
no, no ♪
♪ They think loving,
yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Is money in the hand
♪ Your sweet loving, mm-hmm
♪ Is better than a kiss
♪ Yeah, yeah
♪ When you leave me, mm-hmm
♪ Sweet kisses I miss
[inaudible speaking]
[music continues]
[unsettling music overlaps]
[music stops abruptly]
- [screaming]
- [scream cuts out]
[high-pitched tone
rises and fades out]
[silence]
[birds chirping]
[vehicle driving]
[distant post-punk music]
["Rise" by Spectral Tilt
playing on car radio]
[Malcolm] So you call this
punk music?
- [Liz] Oh, my God.
- [Liz and Malcolm laugh]
[Liz] You're a punk.
[Malcolm] Huh? I'm not a punk.
[Liz] Yeah, you're
a fucking punk.
[Malcolm] No, I'm not
a fucking punk. I'm a...
[Malcolm] I mean,
I don't know what I am, but...
- [Malcolm sighs]
- [Liz chuckles]
[kisses]
[Maggie over phone]
So where are you going?
[Liz over video chat]
Um... to the... country
with... Malcolm.
["Rise" by Spectral Tilt stops]
Uh, to a cabin, I guess.
Like, his cabin.
[Maggie laughs]
[Maggie] A city subway rat
like you
at a cabin in the woods?
[Liz] Yeah, it'll be
my first time up there.
[Maggie] Well, fuck.
It's been a while, huh?
[Liz] Yeah, almost a year.
[soft music]
[Maggie] Wow,
that's gotta be, like,
an unofficial record for you.
No, shut up.
[Maggie] Uh-oh,
better break up.
No, no uh-ohs.
[chuckles]
["Rise" by Spectral Tilt
resumes]
What are you thinking?
Nothing.
[Maggie] So, what are
you wearing?
What does a person wear
to a cabin?
It's, like, buffalo plaid?
[Liz clucks]
[Liz] He got me a cardigan.
[Maggie] Is it... is it beige?
- It is. It is beige.
- [Maggie] Ugh.
I don't even think I've ever
heard you say "beige" before.
- [Liz laughs]
- I didn't even think
- you knew the bitch.
- I don't even know the bitch.
[Maggie chuckles]
[soft music becomes pensive]
[Maggie] So, does he want kids?
[Liz] I don't... uh, we--
we haven't talked about that.
[Maggie] Don't you think
you should?
[Liz] Uh, well, you know,
I've never
pictured myself as a mother.
[Maggie] So... are you happy?
Yeah.
[Maggie] And he's
still not hiding
a wife and kids
in the basement?
No. No secret family.
Just... him and...
just the two of us.
[Maggie] Fuck, it is...
[Maggie inhales deeply]
it's trippy as shit
talking to you like this.
[Maggie]
Call me sometime, okay?
[pensive music becomes
unsettling]
[music fades out]
[water rushing]
[birds chirping]
[engine stops]
- [indistinct conversation]
- [thud]
- [lock clicking]
- [door opening]
- [Liz] ...draw the line.
- [Malcolm laughs]
- [Malcolm sighs]
- [door shuts]
- Make yourself at home.
- Uh-huh.
[descending footsteps]
[door opens]
[Malcolm humming]
[scuttling]
[ascending footsteps]
[Malcolm] Oh!
- [bag thuds]
- First things first.
- Your masterpiece.
- Mm-hmm.
- [Liz] Knock yourself out.
- [Liz and Malcolm chuckle]
Come on. Ooh.
[approaching footsteps]
[Malcolm] Here we go.
Somebody left you a cake.
[Malcolm] Uh, yeah,
the caretaker.
Yeah, it's a bit of a tradition.
[eerie music]
Her way of making up
for being so bad
at taking care of the place.
[distant thudding]
[eerie music fades out]
[Malcolm] Hey, come take a look!
[Malcolm] The crown jewel
of my collection!
[ascending footsteps]
[Liz inhales sharply]
- So, what do you think?
- Mm-hmm...
[Malcolm] "Mm-hmm"? "Mm-hmm"?
- [Malcolm] That's it?
- [Liz] Mm-hmm...
- [Liz] It looks good.
- [Malcolm] Oh, it's good.
It's good. It's great.
I love it.
- You're good.
- Mm.
Like, really, really good.
You know that?
- Mm-hmm.
- Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm is right.
[spank]
[descending footsteps]
[soft crackling]
["I Don't Want to Play in
Your Yard" by Peggy Lee plays]
[water burbling]
[crows cawing]
♪ I don't wanna play
in your yard ♪
♪ I don't like you anymore
Oh!
[Liz laughs]
Who lives there?
- Just my cousin, Darren.
- Hm.
Not my family's
proudest contribution
to civilization, but...
he won't bother us.
Good old weird
and cranky recluse,
Cousin Darren?
Actually, he just goes
by regular asshole,
Cousin Darren.
But, uh,
I didn't see his car, so...
[Liz] Hmm.
[scuttling]
[sinister tone]
[Malcolm] I'm gonna start
getting things ready
- for dinner, okay?
- Sounds good.
♪ I don't wanna play
in your yard ♪
♪ If you can't be good to me
[squeaking]
["I Don't Want to Play in Your
Yard" by Peggy Lee fades out]
[river rushing]
[birds chirping]
[water pouring
from spout into bathtub]
[river rushing]
[water splashing]
[sighs]
[water pouring
from spout into bathtub]
Ah...
Mm.
[thud and creaking]
[Malcolm humming]
[sighs]
[faint higher humming]
Malcolm?
[humming stops]
[approaching footsteps]
[Malcolm] You say something?
No. Nothing.
[Malcolm] Oh. Okay.
[receding footsteps]
[bathwater sloshing]
[sighs]
[unsettling music]
[woman vocalizing]
[water rushing]
[unsettling music fades out]
[Liz hums "I Don't Want to Play
in Your Yard" by Peggy Lee]
[high-pitched tone]
[bell rings]
[tub squeaking]
[Liz continues humming]
[exhalation]
[glass squeaking]
[Liz stops humming]
[unsettling music stops]
[insect buzzing]
[sighs]
- [Liz chuckles]
- [Malcolm] I'm not a punk.
Not a punk.
No, I don't know
what I am, but...
[Malcolm chuckles]
I thought you'd be happier
seeing your painting up.
[sighs]
You know how I feel about it.
It's decorative,
and that's fine.
No. No, but you made that,
you know?
- [Liz chuckles]
- If I could do what you do,
I don't think
I could stop myself.
I'd just be doing
it all the time,
again and again and again
and again and again.
You--you sound
like that old joke.
- [approaching footsteps]
- [Liz] What was it?
If men had tits, they'd never
stop playing with them?
Yeah. Yeah, well,
if men had breasts...
Rome definitely would not
have been built in a day.
Oh.
[Liz chuckles]
[Malcolm kissing]
[doorbell rings]
Are you expecting someone?
No.
[doorbell continues ringing]
[knocking]
The caretaker... whatever?
At this hour?
No, uh, no, of course not.
[doorbell ringing
and aggressive knocking]
- [Liz] Very insistent.
- [Malcolm] Damn it.
["I Waited by the Chapel Door"
plays on turntable]
[receding footsteps]
[soft tapping]
- [Malcolm] It's Cousin Darren.
- No.
[Malcolm] And his date.
No!
[Darren, distant] I can see you.
[Malcolm sighs in frustration]
I'm going to let him in.
Okay.
- [Darren, singsong] Malcolm!
- [door opens]
[Darren] Hey-hey-hey!
- [Darren] What's going on?
- [approaching footsteps]
- [Darren laughs]
- Cousin Darren, Liz.
- Liz, Cousin Darren.
- [Liz] Hi.
- [Darren] Yup! Hah.
- [Malcolm] And, uh...
[Darren] Minka!
[Darren] Minka's a model.
- [Malcolm] Minka.
- [Liz] Oh, cool.
- [Darren] Yeah.
- Hello, Minka.
- [Malcolm clears his throat]
- [Darren laughs]
[Darren] Keep trying.
Yeah, yeah. Heh-heh-heh.
But, uh, not a lick
of English, this one.
- No speaky.
- [Darren makes a clicking sound]
- [Darren] See?
- [Darren laughs]
[Darren] It's Eastern European.
[Darren] One of the "ania" ones.
Not Transylvania,
but almost Transylvania.
- Right, babe?
- Wow.
- No? Who cares?
- [Darren scoffs]
[Darren, loudly] She loves,
loves, loves her Molly,
though, doesn't she, babe?
[Darren with fake accent]
Yeah, yeah.
- [liquid pouring]
- [Malcolm inhales deeply]
[Malcolm] I wish you'd told me
that you'd be stopping by.
- I'd have made more.
- [Darren] Oh, no problem.
[Darren] We already had ours.
Couldn't wait!
[Darren chuckles]
Plus, we wouldn't want
to intrude on your special...
night of nights.
- Yeah.
- [Darren chuckles]
Malcolm's a romantic one.
Always has been. The slow one.
[Darren chuckles]
Uh...
Cousin, a...
a word in the other room?
- [Darren sighs]
- [receding footsteps]
[Malcolm] Excuse me a minute.
[receding footsteps]
[men speaking indistinctly]
You okay?
Tastes like shit.
[music distorts]
- [two claps]
- [Darren] Okay!
Time to go.
Upsy-daisies.
[Darren] Let's let the lovebirds
have their privacy.
[Darren chuckles]
She's a keeper, cousin.
Don't wait too long
and let this one get away.
- Huh?
- [thud]
Oopsies!
[Darren] There you go.
You're all right.
[Darren] Up, up, up.
[door opens]
[Darren] You're okay. Yeah.
Out the door. Good job.
- [door shuts]
- [Malcolm sighs heavily]
[Darren, distant]
Night-night time. Come on, now.
You okay?
[with fake accent]
No. Liz, Liz isn't here anymore.
They had to scoop out her brains
to fill out her tits.
[Malcolm scoffs]
See, I can only apologize
for my cousin.
You know, he was charming once,
but now he's just
a superficial, cowardly asshole.
But...
[laughs]
...not you, right?
You don't go
for the 10 out of 10s
or whatever the fuck...
with a little drawstring
in their back with...
with two or three
pre-recorded sentences.
[with fake accent]
Oh, where we go?
We go to clubbing now?
[Malcolm] Come on, hey.
My cousin, he's a...
he's just an empty box,
you know, with a...
with a stupid fucking bow on it.
[Malcolm] And, uh, that box
is gonna stay empty
- unless he's willing to put a...
- But me?
The box that is me
has something in it.
Yeah, it's filled to the rim.
What are you talking about?
That's why I'm in love
with you, Liz.
[Malcolm exhales sharply]
And, uh...
And even more concerning
is, uh...
[sentimental music]
I like you.
I really, really...
[sighs]
like you.
It's weird that you paid me
for my painting.
It was for sale.
It had a price tag next to it,
and no little red dot to tell me
that somebody'd gotten
to it first.
And it spoke to me, you know?
It said... "Bring me home."
So I listened,
same as I did when I met you.
[Liz] Hmm.
[Liz] We exchanged money
after we exchanged spit
and everything else.
Yeah. It's just money,
Liz, you know?
If it is so upsetting to you,
you know,
you can give it to charity.
No, no, no, no.
I want to keep the money.
[Malcolm] Mm!
I want to keep all...
the Westbridge money
so I can throw it back
in your face someday.
- I think I might like that.
- Oh...
- Yeah, I bet you would.
- [both chuckle]
[kissing and heavy breathing]
Wait.
Just wait.
The cake.
- [Liz] The cake?!
- Just--you're gonna love it.
Just please, just sit, sit.
Two seconds.
- [Liz scoffs]
- [Malcolm laughs]
Okay.
[Malcolm] The caretaker,
she--she can't keep...
mice out of the walls but, uh...
but she... she makes
a really great cake.
- Mm. I don't like chocolate.
- What? Since when?
Since... forever,
since I was a kid,
since the entire time
we've been together.
Oh, well, shit.
I'm...
I'm an asshole.
I thought all women
liked chocolate.
- Classic Westbridge boy.
- [utensils clatter]
I guess I got more of my cousin
in me than I thought.
It's really good, though.
So?
[otherworldly music]
[turntable music fades out]
[with fake accent]
Tastes like shit.
[music intensifies]
[music stops]
[river burbling]
[insects chirping]
[Liz breathing deeply]
[unsettling music]
[sharp breath]
[deep inhuman breath]
[music fades out]
- [gun cocks]
- [Liz inhales sharply]
[insects chirping]
[Liz groans softly]
[bed frame creaks]
[floorboards creak]
[scuttling]
[ominous music]
[night bird calls]
[descending footsteps]
[music fades out]
[floorboards creak]
[sighs]
[scuttling]
[floorboards creak]
[Liz breathes heavily]
Oh...
[squelching]
[otherworldly music]
[gasps]
[panting]
[dripping]
[music intensifies]
[squelching]
[Liz panting]
[Liz moans]
- [Liz moans]
- [distorted vocalizations]
[women whimpering and screaming]
[Liz groans]
[screaming]
[crying]
[squelching]
[distorted whimpering]
[screaming]
[scream stops abruptly]
[footsteps]
[Minka sighs]
[Minka] I hate being outside.
[sighs]
Fuck. I wish for Uber.
[bird call]
Hi?
[eerie groan]
Oh, fucking you, ass-in-holes!
[distant animalistic screech]
[screeching howl]
[scuttling]
[soft tense music]
[soft animalistic screeching]
[trees groaning]
[music fades out]
- [animalistic snarl]
- [Minka screaming]
- [screaming stops]
- [Malcolm inhales sharply]
[sighs]
[eerie music]
[eerie music continues]
[music fades out]
[descending footsteps]
[sighs]
There you are.
Sorry.
[sniffles]
- Morning.
- [smooches]
[smooches]
["I Lie to My Heart"
plays on turntable]
♪ I lied to my heart
♪ You're in love with me
♪ Tried to believe
♪ You're mine
[eerie tones]
You feeling okay?
Mm-hmm.
[Malcolm] Oh, yeah. Um...
I got a patient coming out
of a medically induced
coma today,
and, uh...
and I'm just waiting
for somebody to tell me
she's all clear.
Mrs. Portnoy. Yeah.
A darling old gal, and I'm...
I'm pulling for her.
What are you drawing?
[turntable music stops]
Nothing.
[discordant music]
[inaudible speaking]
[breathes heavily]
[discordant music continues]
[music becomes tense]
[Liz breathing heavily]
[Liz gasps]
[Liz grunts]
[whoosh]
[sighs]
[dramatic sting]
[music intensifies]
[music fades out]
[Malcolm speaking indistinctly]
Malcolm?
[Malcolm] Fuck!
- [door opens]
- Fuck. Bad--bad--bad news, hon.
- [descending footsteps]
- [Liz] What happened?
Uh, Mrs. Portnoy, she's, uh...
She's not waking up. Yeah.
Her kids are there
at the hospital.
Daughter's inconsolable.
Oh, shit!
- [Malcolm] Yeah.
- So what?
So I--I gotta--I gotta go.
I gotta go deal with it.
Oh.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I'm--I'm--I'm...
I'm really sorry.
But duty calls.
[Malcolm sniffles]
[Malcolm] Um, you know,
and if--if everything goes
the way these things
normally go...
How do these things normally go?
She'll wake up, you know?
[Malcolm] But I'm--I'm not
worried about her.
I'm worried about you.
It's fine.
[Liz] I think I'll just maybe...
[Liz] ...settle in here.
Okay.
Okay. Uh, the--the--the fridge
is stocked.
[Malcolm] There's wine
in the kitchen.
And, uh...
there's good wine
in the basement,
if you feel like celebrating.
[Liz] When will you be back?
Six.
With traffic,
seven at the latest.
[Malcolm sighs]
It's fine.
I'm fine.
I can handle myself.
You go. Go fulfill your oath.
I'll just be here,
looking through your drawers.
Okay.
[Liz] Okay.
[Malcolm sighs]
[tense music]
[ascending footsteps]
[music rises]
[music crescendos]
[whoosh]
[echoing gasp]
[sighs]
[car engine starts]
[car driving away]
[tense music continues]
[inhales and exhales deeply]
[scuttling]
[music fades out]
[crows cawing]
[phone line trilling]
[Maggie over phone] Hello?
I'm spying on
the rich neighbors.
And... you said call, so...
[Maggie] You at your cabin?
Oh, it's not my cabin.
- [Maggie] Not yet.
- Ha-ha.
[Maggie] So, what is it,
like, some fortress, or...
- No, hardly.
- [Liz sighs]
Privacy's, like,
not really a thing.
The bathroom's the only room
with a door that locks,
and it's all windows
with zero blinds.
- [Maggie scoffs]
- [Maggie] Horrifying!
[Liz] Yeah. Also, I feel
like I took mushrooms.
[Maggie] Well, is that
because you took mushrooms?
[Maggie chuckles]
[eerie music]
[Maggie] And the man
of the house,
what's he up to?
[Maggie] Hello? Liz?
No, I'm here.
Uh, Malcolm went into the city,
so I'm just kind of, like...
snoopin', not snoopin'.
[Maggie] Wait,
he left you alone there?
Yeah. But it's nice, actually.
- [Maggie scoffs]
- [Maggie] Oh, Liz.
He didn't want to.
He had to work.
[Maggie] Yeah, he had to work
his wife's pussy.
What the fuck, Mags?
[Maggie] Listen, I'm just
telling it to you straight!
- You know what you are.
- And what am I?
- I don't want to say it.
- Yeah, so don't.
[Maggie] You're
a side piece, Liz.
Cool. Thanks.
Glad I can count on you.
[Maggie] Do you want me
to come get you?
- You don't have a car.
- This isn't
who you're supposed to be,
some kept woman in a house.
Kept? That sucks. Fuck you.
- Fucking hold on a minute--
- No, it's fine. Bye.
[exhales heavily]
- [whispers] Fucking bitch.
- [scoffs]
[dramatic sting]
- [Liz] Oh, my God!
- [shudders]
[music intensifies]
[music softens]
[Liz, whispering] What?
[exhales sharply]
[music becomes unearthly]
[squelching]
[gasps]
[music stops]
[sighs]
[water rushing]
[water draining]
[Liz sighs]
[gasps]
Oh, Jesus!
[eerie music]
How did you get inside?
I am inside now.
[Minka, higher-pitched] So am I.
Yeah...
What's going on?
[Minkas] You know what you are.
Is Darren with you?
- [gasps]
- [shushing]
You'll wake the children.
Where did you come from?
[Minka] The distant past.
There.
[music intensifies]
There is why the children think
you are their mother.
- [gunshot]
- [gasps]
[music stops]
- [softly] Oh...
- [inhales sharply]
[Liz groans softly]
[sighs]
Oh, shit.
[Liz] Oh, shit!
[door creaking]
[click]
Shit, shit, shit!
Oh!
Okay.
- [ascending footsteps]
- [click]
[birds chirping]
[distant thud]
[scuttling]
[distant clattering]
[thud]
[louder clattering]
[ominous music]
[music rising]
[music stops]
- [frightening sting]
- [Darren] I can see you!
[Darren] Be a good
little Westbridge boy
and open the door.
[Darren] What's done
is done, man.
[Darren] I brought
our traditional libations!
He's not here.
[Darren] Uh...
What--what was it again?
Was--was it... Linda?
[Liz] No, uh, Liz, actually.
Where's Malcolm?
Uh, he had to go back
to the city to see a patient.
He'll be back any second.
He left you here alone
on your big weekend?
[Darren] That's... not good.
Is... Minka with you?
[Darren] Mind opening the door?
Yeah, uh... I, uh... I...
[Liz] Maybe you should
come back later.
You caught me in the middle
of a nap, and I--
Yeah, how about you let me
into my own family's home?
Thank you. I'll be quick.
[Liz, softly] Fuck.
[Liz sighs]
[lock clicks]
Where did he say he was going?
[Liz] Uh, to the hospital
to see a patient.
Oh.
[Darren] And you're just,
uh... hanging out?
[Liz] Uh, yeah.
[Darren] You like it out here?
You feeling good? Or...
- Yeah, it's good.
- [Darren] Uh-huh.
[Darren] So you had
a nice dinner?
[Darren] What did you think
of the caretaker's cake?
[Liz] Um, it was fine.
[Darren] Yeah?
[Darren] And, uh,
you feel sleepy?
[Darren] You said
you were having a nap?
[footsteps]
[Darren] I love naps.
[Darren] But you know what will
keep this party going?
What?
Scotch!
[Liz sighs]
I'm really not in the mood.
[Darren] Heh.
[Darren] Malcolm's right,
you know.
There's something
special about you.
You're not like
all the other girls.
- Yep, he does say that.
- [Darren chuckles]
- One drink?
- Oh...
- [Liz laughs]
- Come on.
Sure. What the hell?
Uh, you know
where the glasses are?
- [Darren] Mm-hmm.
- [Liz clucks]
- Where are you going?
- Uh...
- [softly] The bathroom.
- Okay.
[door creaking]
[lock clicks]
[sighs heavily]
[softly] Go away!
[clucks]
Shit!
[tense music]
[sighs]
[Darren speaking indistinctly]
[Darren] But that's all right.
[Darren] No need
to call me back, bro.
[metallic scraping]
[music becomes ominous]
[distant clattering]
[ominous music continues]
- [wood creaking]
- [heavy thudding]
[creaking and scuttling]
[heavy thud,
several rapid thuds]
[crows cawing]
[tense sting]
[ascending footsteps]
[wood creaking]
[distant howl]
- [thudding]
- [metallic clattering]
[thud]
[thudding]
[object being dragged]
[music intensifies]
[scuttling]
- [squelching]
- [bones breaking]
[rustling]
[distant thudding]
[music stops]
[lock clicks]
[door creaking]
[footsteps]
[eerie motif]
[buzzing]
[approaching footsteps]
[phone line trilling]
[Malcolm] You've reached
the voice mailbox
of Dr. Malcolm Westbridge.
- [beep over phone]
- [Liz] Um, Malcolm...
Your cousin was here.
- He seemed surprised that I was.
- [footsteps]
Can you just be here already?
["I Don't Want to Play in
Your Yard" plays on turntable]
♪ ...don't want to play
in your yard ♪
♪ I don't like you
♪ Anymore
- [lock clicks]
- ♪ You'll be sorry
♪ When you see me
♪ Sliding down
our cellar door ♪
♪ You can't holler
- ♪ Down our rain barrel
- [door creaking]
[Liz] Malcolm?
♪ You can't climb
our apple tree ♪
♪ I don't want to play
in your yard ♪
♪ If you can't be
- ♪ Good...
- [music distorts and stops]
- [garbage disposal roars]
- Oh!
[clanking]
[garbage disposal stops]
[unsettling music]
[clanking]
[music intensifies]
[music fades out]
[watch clatters on counter]
[insect buzzing]
[frightening music]
Oh!
[flies buzzing]
[gasps]
[music fades out]
[birds chirping]
[eerie music]
[breathes raggedly]
[Liz] Uh...
Okay. There we go.
[music distorts]
[distant thudding]
[sighs]
[music calms]
- [phone line trilling]
- [Liz exhales sharply]
- [Maggie over phone] Hey.
Oh, shit, I'm sorry. Could--
Any chance you're still
willing to come get me?
- [Maggie sighs]
- [Maggie] The fuck?
Heh, I--I--I just need to get
the fuck out of here.
Uh... There's something...
I don't know, this...
- [Liz exhales sharply]
- There's something wrong.
- Can you get up here?
- [Maggie] Oh... um...
[Maggie, cutting out] Yeah.
Sure, I guess. Of cour...
[Maggie] ...me just...
throw the...
I hate the fucking country.
[garbled noise over phone]
Oh... you're cutting out?
- [garbled noise over phone]
- Huh, what?
[Maggie, cutting out]
Just telling it... straight.
Are you--are you
gonna come get me?
[Maggie] No.
[Maggie, distorted]
You're the mother.
[music intensifies]
What the fuck are you
talking about?!
[creaking]
Just tell me
you're coming to get me.
Tell me that you're right now
figuring out a car.
Maggie?
[scuttling]
- [vehicle approaching]
- [crow cawing]
[engine stops]
[unsettling music]
[birds chirping]
[music fades out]
[Malcolm humming "I Don't Want
to Play in Your Yard"]
[lock clicks]
[Malcolm continues humming]
- [Malcolm screams]
- God!
- [Malcolm exhales heavily]
- Liz.
I called you a bunch of times.
There were people here.
I'm leaving.
Well, no--what? Uh, people...
Uh, no. What do you mean,
you're leaving?
Hey, what's going on?
Who the fuck was that woman
who just shows up?
A woman, what woman?
An old lady
with a bag on her head?
[Liz] Is that the...
is that the caretaker?
I don't understand. A--a bag?
She--she put a bag?
It was fucking creepy
and fucked up!
She had a...
a fucking plastic bag
on her face!
Yeah. That sounds awful.
I'm sorry, honey, but can we
please just calm down?
No, no, no, no, no!
Your--your cousin was here, too!
- He just dropped in.
- What?
- Yeah!
- Darren w--?
Yeah, he just, he seemed
pretty fucking surprised
that I was here, too.
What the fuck, Malcolm?!
[receding footsteps]
Is he still here? Darren!
[Liz] No! I don't know.
He just showed up
and then he left
without saying anything.
He left his watch
in the fucking sink.
Don't ask me!
What? No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
Please, please, please, please.
- No, I'm leaving.
- You can't just leave.
I'm leaving. I don't feel well.
I... I... This place isn't...
[Liz sighs]
This place isn't right for me.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Just... Let's just...
[exhales heavily]
Okay? Just a half hour.
I just need a half hour.
I just need a...
I--I--I got to do a few things.
Just... But what can I do?
Tell me what you want me to do.
Go search the house!
Search the house? Okay.
[Liz] Make sure
that they're... all gone!
Okay. Okay. I'll make sure.
Sure. All right.
Okay, take your coat off.
Please, honey.
[descending footsteps]
[Malcolm] My God.
[soft music]
[Malcolm] Anybody here?
[Malcolm] Hello?
[Malcolm] Where are you,
you sneaky bitches?
[wood creaking]
[knocking]
- [Malcolm] Anybody here?
- [knocking]
[crows cawing]
[music fades out]
- BOO!
- Oh, my God.
[Liz exhales sharply]
What are you holding?
Hmm...
Hmm? Oh, yeah.
Uh...
Oh.
Look what I found.
[Liz sighs]
[Malcolm sighs]
I'm sorry I left you alone.
- Yeah, you are.
- [Malcolm] Mm-hmm.
- You're a dick.
- Yes, I am.
Yep.
[Malcolm sniffles]
Shall we have a glass?
- [Liz] A glass?
- Yeah.
- [Malcolm sighs]
- [Malcolm] Come on.
[receding footsteps]
["Bring It On Home to Me"
by Sam Cooke plays on turntable]
[Malcolm hums along to music]
♪ If you ever
change your mind ♪
♪ About leaving
♪ Leaving me behind
[Malcolm sings along badly]
[Malcolm and Liz laugh]
[Malcolm] Oh.
Oh, I love watching you smile.
[Liz] Hmm.
You're a liar.
What?
What are you talking about?
[whispers] You're
a fucking liar.
- [Malcolm] What?
- [Liz] Mm-hmm.
[Liz] You said
you'd be back way later.
- Oh.
- [Liz laughs]
[Malcolm] Well, what can I say?
There was no traffic
on the bridge.
[Malcolm sighs]
How's Mrs. Portnoy?
Who's Mrs. Portnoy?
[unsettling music]
Oh. Heh.
How terribly cold
the heart of a doctor can be.
How quickly I can
set work aside when...
when I'm--I'm looking
at the woman that I love.
- [Liz] Hmm.
- [Malcolm] Mm.
- She died.
- Oh, no.
[Malcolm] Yeah, she died.
She died, um, peacefully.
[Liz] Mm-hmm.
- Her children were by her side.
- Aww.
[Malcolm] I think... I think
that is the... very most that...
- Yeah.
- ...any of us can ask for.
- Yeah, that's good.
- Mm-hmm.
[Malcolm] Yeah.
- [Malcolm] Do you want more?
- [Liz] Sure.
[Malcolm] Ah. Hey, hey!
Where are you going?
Tell me what you want. Tell me
what you want, I'll get it.
- [Liz] Bathroom.
- Okay.
Well, I can't help you there.
[rapid ascending footsteps]
[lock clicks]
[sighs]
Stupid, stupid, fucking idiot.
- [knocking at door]
- [Malcolm] You feeling okay?
Hey, just a second.
[Malcolm] Please tell me
you're not pregnant.
Uh, no, I'm all good.
Just peeing.
[Malcolm] Why don't you
come out of there
so we can talk about this?
Talk about what?
- [Malcolm chuckles]
- [Malcolm] Oh.
[Malcolm] It's not
what you think.
So you're not married?
[sniffles]
You weren't just in the city
with your wife?
[distant indistinct speaking]
[Malcolm] I wasn't
in the city with my wife.
[Malcolm] I'm not married.
[whooshing]
[Malcolm] Look, Liz,
I fucked up and you caught me.
[Malcolm] Come on,
just open the door.
[Malcolm] I just want
to talk to you about it.
[exhales heavily]
[unsettling music]
[lock clicks]
It doesn't really lock. Uh...
It's just, it's more hospitable
to let it feel like it does.
What--what is this?
- Can I see that?
- Who is this?
Who the fuck is this?
It was a long time ago.
That's you, isn't it?
How the fuck is this you?
[Liz exhales sharply]
[Liz] I--I--I want to leave now.
I...
I understand,
but I can't let you do that.
You can't let me do that?!
[Liz] Who the fuck are you?!
I'm Malcolm Westbridge.
I'm your friend. I'm your lover.
I'm the same man
that you've known for a year.
I'm a doctor.
I'm a decent guy.
I save lives when I can.
When I can't, I can't.
[Malcolm] But there's a bunch
of other stuff, too.
[Liz] I want to go.
[Malcolm] I understand.
It's just...
[Malcolm sighs]
[Malcolm] Hmm.
Can we just sit
in the living room,
you know,
just talk for a minute?
[Liz] I'm not
fucking sitting down.
[Malcolm] It's a pretty
good offer, considering.
[Liz] Oh.
Come on.
[Malcolm] Would it matter
if I said that, um...
I never wanted you to suffer?
Because I love you. I do.
And what is about to happen
is not in vain.
[Malcolm] It is
the most beautiful act of love
one could ever commit.
You're giving me life.
[Liz sighs]
Malcolm, whatever you think
you need to say to me, just...
Just go back to your family.
- [Liz scoffs]
- [Liz] And let me go.
One nibble of the cake. One!
One nibble of the cake,
and the lion turns lamb,
limp and languid.
[Malcolm] It was supposed
to knock you out.
[Malcolm] But you had
to go ahead
and eat the whole thing.
[unsettling music]
[Malcolm] You're... I should've
known you'd be different.
They present themselves
to you as women, do they?
[Malcolm] Because that
they are not.
[sighs] In truth, I--I--I
don't know what they are, um,
and I've known them a long time,
a long time.
Uh...
- Malcolm...
- [Malcolm] Yes, Liz?
[Liz] What the fuck
are you talking about?
[music becomes nostalgic]
[Malcolm] Yeah, Darren and I,
we were--we were kids
when we found their mother...
in that creek you saw.
[Malcolm] That was
more than 200 years ago.
[Malcolm] But somehow,
you look exactly like her.
[the woman vocalizes softly]
[Malcolm] She was
a beautiful woman,
their mother.
[Malcolm] But she was
a trespasser
on my father's land.
[the woman hums]
[music becomes tense]
[Malcolm] We'd seen her
many times before,
dancing naked in the river
by the light of the moon.
[the woman gasps]
[Malcolm] And that
wasn't allowed.
- [shot echoes]
- [the woman cries out]
[the woman howls in pain]
[music becomes nostalgic]
[howling continues]
[Malcolm] We threw her
in with the swine...
[boys laughing]
...not caring about her
or whatever bastard
she was carrying.
- [door shuts and latches]
- [the woman whimpers]
[swine snorting]
[the woman groans and grunts]
[groaning]
[agonized howling]
[howling stops abruptly]
[music fades out]
[Malcolm] When we returned,
we saw she'd given birth.
[wind whistling]
[Malcolm] But to what?
[wood creaking]
[tense music]
[the woman breathes heavily]
[music fades out]
[gun cocks]
[otherworldly music]
[gunshot]
[music stops]
[Liz] Malcolm...
j--just let me go.
[uneasy music]
[Liz] Just let me leave.
So the fairy tale goes,
the lowly fisherman draws
in his line
and finds ensnared
on its hook a fish.
To the lowly fisherman,
the fish speaks,
a voice escaping its...
white and throbbing throat.
"Pray you, kind sir,
throw me back into my ocean,"
the dying fish says,
"and I will grant you
three wishes."
[Malcolm] Why doesn't the fish
wish itself off the hook?
[Malcolm] Why doesn't it grant
itself its own freedom?
[Malcolm] Perhaps
because it knows...
it is nothing more than a fish.
[Malcolm] The creatures
that live in this house,
in these woods...
they're the fish on the hook,
incapable of imagining
their own freedoms.
[Malcolm] While we, the perfect
little Westbridge boys,
we see our wishes granted
for all time.
[Malcolm] We are given
life eternal
while they cringe and cower
and feed in the shadows
of our houses,
unseen and unloved,
standing in their own piss.
[Malcolm] And when
they get hungry,
[Malcolm] ...when the wailing
of their hunger pangs grows
too loud for the neighbors,
[distant howl]
we feed them.
[music becomes frightening]
[animalistic howl]
[shuddering]
Malcolm...
you love me.
[Liz] You said that.
Yes, and that--
that is--that is why
I--I don't stay to watch
or to listen when it happens.
Uh... Malcolm, let's go back.
I want to go back...
[whimpers]
to before.
Mm-hmm, to when we didn't know
each other,
to then.
[sobs and whimpers]
Can we do that?
[Liz] Can we just do that?
[Liz] Just when...
we didn't know...
we didn't know any of this?
You're gonna die, Liz.
[wails]
Oh, my...
So I can...
live a little longer.
[gasps]
[Malcolm] It's gonna happen
in this house.
[Malcolm] A wooden box
for your coffin.
[Malcolm] I wish it weren't so.
[Malcolm] Oh, I really do.
But it is.
[wood creaking]
- [rapid footsteps]
- [mechanical clacking]
[thud]
[Malcolm] Be thankful
I'm not my neighbors
up the way on Teacup Road.
Standing next to them,
Darren and I were
perfect little gentlemen.
[Liz whimpers]
[Liz wails]
[Malcolm] They seal the place.
[Malcolm] Don't ask me how,
it's their magic.
[Liz panting]
[whimpers]
FUCK!
[whispering] No, no, no...
[frightening music continues]
[panting]
[music intensifies]
[thudding]
[wood creaking]
[music stops]
[scuttling]
- [thud]
- Oh...
[Liz gasps]
- [wood creaking]
- [Liz gasps]
[chilling music]
[water rushing]
[Liz grunts]
Ah! Ah!
[whimpers and gasps]
[music rises]
[grunts and whimpers]
[Liz pants and gasps]
[clank]
[Liz screams]
[scream cuts out]
[music becomes ambient]
[ambient music]
[music becomes pensive]
[music fades to "I Don't Want
to Play in Your Yard"]
♪ I don't want to play
in your yard ♪
♪ I don't like you
♪ Anymore
♪ You'll be sorry
♪ When you see me
♪ Sliding down
our cellar door ♪
♪ You can't holler
♪ Down our rain barrel
♪ You can't climb
our apple tree ♪
♪ I don't want to play
in your yard ♪
♪ If you can't be good to me
[gentle instrumental interlude]
♪ You can't holler down
our rain barrel ♪
[click]
- [sigh]
- [door opens]
♪ You can't climb
our apple tree ♪
[ice clinking in glass]
♪ I don't wanna play
in your yard ♪
♪ If you can't be good to me
Guess what I found?
[eerie music]
Hi, Julia.
[screaming]
Hey, Leslie.
Francis.
[screaming]
Louise.
[whimpering and shuddering]
Meet Liz.
[wood creaking]
[tapping]
[click]
[Liz murmurs softly]
[Liz gasps]
[Liz groans]
[softly] Oh...
[Liz sighs]
[animalistic vocalization]
[Liz gasps sharply]
[Liz shudders]
[dripping and gurgling]
[whoosh]
[music intensifies]
[music becomes uncanny]
[wheezing]
[uncanny music continues]
[gurgling]
[squelching]
[music crescendos]
[chilling music]
[softly] What the fuck?
[woman humming "I Don't Want
to Play in Your Yard"]
[humming continues]
[crawling]
[humming stops]
[otherworldly music]
[music intensifies]
[softly] What are you?
[flies buzzing]
[Baghead] Your children.
[Baghead] And all the women
that came before.
[chilling sting]
[Liz inhales sharply]
[flies buzzing]
[overlapping laughing]
[chuckles]
[laughing and chuckling]
[witches sing a lullaby]
[hissing]
[animalistic screech]
[Liz chuckles]
[Liz laughs]
[Baghead laughing and chuckling]
[witches continue singing]
[Liz sobbing]
[Liz screaming]
[overlapping screaming
and laughing]
[screaming]
[witches' lullaby fades out]
[distant howling and weeping]
["Rise" by Spectral Tilt
plays softly]
[distant screaming]
[distant screaming and weeping]
["Rise" plays loudly]
[distant screaming and sobbing]
[distant screaming]
[distant screaming fades out]
[song ends]
[inhales deeply]
[glass clatters against surface]
[snoring softly]
[unsettling music]
[gurgling]
[music crescendos]
[music fades out]
[otherworldly wail]
[scuttling]
[tense music]
[Malcolm inhales sharply]
[coughing and gagging]
[gurgling]
[groaning]
[otherworldly whimpering]
[scuttling]
[music becomes sinister]
[Malcolm screaming] NO!
[clattering]
[screeching howl]
[Malcolm screaming] NO! NO--
[birds chirping]
[crows cawing]
[water burbling]
[Malcolm snoring]
[crows cawing]
[screeching howl]
[grunting]
[Malcolm] Ah...
- [screeching howl]
- [Malcolm shudders]
Ah...
[rope creaking]
[rasping] Help!
[Malcolm] Hey!
[Malcolm] Help!
[Liz] Morning.
Liz?
Oh, thank God.
Cut me down from here.
Please.
[Malcolm wheezes]
[sobs] Please.
Please!
[rope creaking]
[Liz inhales deeply]
[Malcolm] Liz,
what did they do to you?
[Liz] They asked me to stay.
But this is my...
[whimpers]
This is my house.
[Malcolm wheezes]
[Liz] Oh.
[Malcolm] I'm the master here!
You live here
'cause I live here.
No... I don't want any.
[Liz] Malcolm.
- [Liz] Oh.
- I don't want any.
[Liz] Mm. Malcolm, listen...
[Liz] This fork is going
into your face
one way or another.
Might as well taste good.
I never wanted to hurt you.
You didn't. I'm fine.
[whispers] Now here comes
the airplane.
[soft music]
[Liz shushing]
That's a good little
Westbridge boy.
- [Liz clucks and sniffs]
- [Malcolm chewing]
[music intensifies]
[Malcolm groans]
Oh, Malcolm.
You were the one...
I really loved.
[Liz chuckles]
[Liz] I bet you say
that to all the girls.
[Liz sighs]
[music turns ominous]
[smooch]
[Malcolm whimpers]
[Malcolm wails]
[Malcolm screams]
[gurgling]
[music crescendos]
[squelching]
[music fades out]
[birds chirping]
[Liz hums]
[loon calls]
["Fooled Around and Fell
in Love" by Elvin Bishop]
[trees groaning]
♪ I must have been through
♪ About a million girls
♪ I love 'em
and I leave 'em alone ♪
♪ I didn't care
how much they cried, no sir ♪
♪ Their tears left
me cold as a stone ♪
♪ But then I fooled around
and fell in love ♪
♪ I fooled around
♪ It used to be when I'd see
♪ A girl that I liked
♪ I'd get out my book
and write down her name ♪
♪ But when the grass got
a little greener ♪
♪ On the other side
♪ I'd just tear out that page
♪ But then I fooled around
and fell in love ♪
♪ I fooled around
♪ Since I met you, baby
and fell ♪
♪ In love
♪ I fooled around
and fell in love ♪
[Elvin Bishop vocalizes]
♪ Oh
♪
♪ Free on my own
♪ That's the way I used to be ♪
♪ But since I met you baby
♪ Love's got a hold on me
♪ Woo, it's got a hold
on me now, yeah ♪
♪ I can't let go of you, baby
["Fooled Around
and Fell in Love" ends]
[witches' lullaby
- instrumental version]